Wow
Wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow
Wow wow wow
Wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow
Wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow
Wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow
Wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow
Why don't you see Tang Jiao?
I've brought you Tang Jiao's phone number.
What did Tang Jiao marry?
Tangjiao suddenly
The pressure at home is enough for you
It’s my dad who I like first, who is very good, and then I’ll tell you
Can anyone of your grandchildren cope?
You are just waiting to help your great-grandson grow from a grandson to a grandson.
Then you tomorrow
You also come to your hometown to have a meal.
Mom didn't tell her that I was so profound
How about we change to a normal main place to eat?
Our Gong family doesn’t have anything ordinary.
Let's do it like this
bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow bow
That bow is weak and old though it is
Go and weaken the adult's unused bow
Injure me and come out, mom
I won't make you happy
Let me tell you
She is a regular in our house.
It's me, I'm free and measured
I'd like to see it
Whoever presses your head is really smart.